README.md, before:

# Reclaim Fort Collins: A Free-Swap Facilitator to Make Fort Collins Greener

Leaders: @davidbhayes (David Hayes) 

Reclaim Fort Collins is a project submitted to Innovate Fort Collins as an idea. The core idea is that there will be a how-to-swap site that features a map that has the goal of making the it easy for people seeking good and people with good they no longer want to connect. Whether this is a community member posting the availablity of zucchinis or a used car, the site would facilitate free exachange of good for the sake of getting down with the group.

## About Innovate Fort Collins

Innovate Fort Collins is a grant competition. The next step for us to take is to put together the full aplliaction for the city. That is due **June 2, 2017**. Links to the application criteria:

* [Main city site for the competition](http://www.fcgov.com/environmentalservices/innovate-fort-collins.php)
* [Application Info](http://www.fcgov.com/environmentalservices/innovate-fort-collins.php)
* [Application Checklist](http://www.fcgov.com/environmentalservices/pdf/ifcc-application-checklist.pdf)
* [Full Application PDF](http://www.fcgov.com/environmentalservices/pdf/ifcc-full-application-form.pdf)

## Getting Started

// TODO: Technical documentation to clone, install and run the project goes here.

## Contributing

We welcome new contributors.  Be sure to check out guide on [contributing][contributing], which includes instructions on how to fork, clone, branch, commit, pull request and sync your fork.

Not sure where to start? Look for [open issues][githubissue] on GitHub, or message the team on [our Slack site](https://codeforfoco.slack.com/) (can sign up via [email here]()).

TL;DR Contribution Workflow:

1. [Fork][fork] this repository and Clone your fork locally (be sure to do a `git submodule update --init --recursive` afterward as there is an external `Sass` dependency, and read [this](https://github.com/blog/2104-working-with-submodules) if you want more info). Afterward be sure to run `git submodule update --init --recursive` to ensure any third-party submodules are installed.
1. Checkout a new branch on which to make your changes.
1. Make edits. Try to match existing coding style.
1. Test your changes.
1. Commit your changes. Push your changes to your fork on GitHub.
1. Submit a new [pull request][pullrequest] and your changes will be reviewed and merged.


## Bugs / Feedback / Suggestions

We encourage you to [open up an issue][newissue]if you have any feedback, suggestions or bugs.

## License

MIT, see [LICENSE](/LICENSE) for full license.

[fork]: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/
[forkthisrepo]: https://github.com/CodeForFoco/codeforfoco.github.io#fork-destination-box
[contributing]: https://github.com/CodeForFoco/org/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[githubissue]: https://github.com/CodeForFoco/reclaim-fort-collins/issues
[newissue]: https://github.com/CodeForFoco/reclaim-fort-collins/issues/new
[pullrequest]: https://github.com/CodeForFoco/codeforfoco.github.io/pulls

Commit message:

Update to be consistent with latest template

README.md, after:

# Reclaim Fort Collins: A Free-Swap Facilitator to Make Fort Collins Greener

Leaders: @davidbhayes (David Hayes) 

Reclaim Fort Collins is a project submitted to Innovate Fort Collins as an idea. The core idea is that there will be a how-to-swap site that features a map that has the goal of making the it easy for people seeking good and people with good they no longer want to connect. Whether this is a community member posting the availablity of zucchinis or a used car, the site would facilitate free exachange of good for the sake of getting down with the group.

## About Innovate Fort Collins

Innovate Fort Collins is a grant competition. The next step for us to take is to put together the full aplliaction for the city. That is due **June 2, 2017**. Links to the application criteria:

* [Main city site for the competition](http://www.fcgov.com/environmentalservices/innovate-fort-collins.php)
* [Application Info](http://www.fcgov.com/environmentalservices/innovate-fort-collins.php)
* [Application Checklist](http://www.fcgov.com/environmentalservices/pdf/ifcc-application-checklist.pdf)
* [Full Application PDF](http://www.fcgov.com/environmentalservices/pdf/ifcc-full-application-form.pdf)

## Getting Started

// TODO: Technical documentation to clone, install and run the project goes here.

## Contributing

We welcome new contributors.  Be sure to check out guide on [contributing][contributing], which includes instructions on how to fork, clone, branch, commit, pull request and sync your fork.

Not sure where to start? Look for [open issues][githubissue] on GitHub, or message the team on [our Slack site][slack]. If you aren't on our Slack, [click here for an invite][slackinvite].

TL;DR Contribution Workflow:

1. [Fork][fork] this repository and Clone your fork locally.
1. Checkout a new branch on which to make your changes.
1. Make edits. Try to match existing coding style.
1. Test your changes.
1. Commit your changes. Push your changes to your fork on GitHub.
1. Submit a new [pull request][pullrequest] and your changes will be reviewed and merged.


## Bugs / Feedback / Suggestions

We encourage you to [open up an issue][newissue] if you have any feedback, suggestions or bugs.

## License

MIT, see [LICENSE](/LICENSE) for full license.

[slack]: https://codeforfoco.slack.com/
[slackinvite]: https://codeforfocoslack.herokuapp.com
[fork]: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/
[forkthisrepo]: https://github.com/CodeForFoco/TODOUPDATEURL#fork-destination-box
[contributing]: https://github.com/CodeForFoco/org/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[githubissue]: https://github.com/CodeForFoco/TODOUPDATEURL/issues
[newissue]: https://github.com/CodeForFoco/TODOUPDATEURL/issues/new
[pullrequest]: https://github.com/CodeForFoco/TODOUPDATEURL/pulls
